README.md, before:

![gtk logo][logo]

# Gnome Gdk - Low-level abstraction for the windowing system

[![License](http://martimm.github.io/label/License-label.svg)](http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0)

# Description

# Documentation

| Pdf from pod | Link to Gnome Developer |
|-------|--------------|
| Gnome::Gdk3::Display | [Controls a set of Screens and their associated input devices][GdkDisplay]
| [Gnome::Gdk3::EventTypes][Gnome::Gdk3::EventTypes pdf] | [Device events][GdkEventTypes]
| Gnome::Gdk3::Screen | [Object representing a physical screen][GdkScreen]
| [Gnome::Gdk3::Types][Gnome::Gdk3::Types pdf] |
| Gnome::Gdk3::Window | [Windows][GdkWindow]

## Release notes
* [Release notes][changes]

# Installation of Gnome::Gdk3

`zef install Gnome::Gdk3`


# Author

Name: **Marcel Timmerman**
Github account name: **MARTIMM**

# Issues

There are always some problems! If you find one, please help by filing an issue at [my github project](https://github.com/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk3/issues).

# Attribution
* The inventors of Perl6 of course and the writers of the documentation which help me out every time again and again.
* The builders of the GTK+ library and the documentation.
* Other helpful modules for their insight and use.

[//]: # (---- [refs] ----------------------------------------------------------)
[changes]: https://github.com/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk/blob/master/CHANGES.md
[logo]: https://github.com/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk/blob/master/doc/images/gtk-logo-100.png

[GdkDisplay]: https://developer.gnome.org/gdk3/stable/GdkDisplay.html
[GdkEventTypes]: https://developer.gnome.org/gdk3/stable/gdk3-Event-Structures.html
[GdkScreen]: https://developer.gnome.org/gdk3/stable/GdkScreen.html
[GdkWindow]: https://developer.gnome.org/gdk3/stable/gdk3-Windows.html

[//]: # (Pod documentation rendered with)
[//]: # (pod-render.pl6 --pdf --g=MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk3 lib)

[Gnome::Gdk3::EventTypes html]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk3/blob/master/doc/EventTypes.html
[Gnome::Gdk3::EventTypes pdf]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk3/blob/master/doc/EventTypes.pdf
[Gnome::Gdk3::Types html]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk3/blob/master/doc/Types.html
[Gnome::Gdk3::Types pdf]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk3/blob/master/doc/Types.pdf

Commit message:

notes about installing and issues

README.md, after:

![gtk logo][logo]

# Gnome Gdk - Low-level abstraction for the windowing system

[![License](http://martimm.github.io/label/License-label.svg)](http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0)

# Description

# Documentation

| Pdf from pod | Link to Gnome Developer |
|-------|--------------|
| Gnome::Gdk3::Display | [Controls a set of Screens and their associated input devices][GdkDisplay]
| [Gnome::Gdk3::EventTypes][Gnome::Gdk3::EventTypes pdf] | [Device events][GdkEventTypes]
| Gnome::Gdk3::Screen | [Object representing a physical screen][GdkScreen]
| [Gnome::Gdk3::Types][Gnome::Gdk3::Types pdf] |
| Gnome::Gdk3::Window | [Windows][GdkWindow]

## Release notes
* [Release notes][changes]

# Installation
Do not install this package on its own. Instead install `Gnome::Gtk3`.

`zef install Gnome::Gtk3`


# Author

Name: **Marcel Timmerman**
Github account name: **MARTIMM**

# Issues

There are always some problems! If you find one, please help by filing an issue at [my Gnome::Gtk3 github project][issues].

# Attribution
* The inventors of Perl6 of course and the writers of the documentation which help me out every time again and again.
* The builders of the GTK+ library and the documentation.
* Other helpful modules for their insight and use.

[//]: # (---- [refs] ----------------------------------------------------------)
[changes]: https://github.com/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk/blob/master/CHANGES.md
[logo]: https://github.com/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk/blob/master/doc/images/gtk-logo-100.png
[issues]: https://github.com/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gtk3/issues

[GdkDisplay]: https://developer.gnome.org/gdk3/stable/GdkDisplay.html
[GdkEventTypes]: https://developer.gnome.org/gdk3/stable/gdk3-Event-Structures.html
[GdkScreen]: https://developer.gnome.org/gdk3/stable/GdkScreen.html
[GdkWindow]: https://developer.gnome.org/gdk3/stable/gdk3-Windows.html

[//]: # (Pod documentation rendered with)
[//]: # (pod-render.pl6 --pdf --g=MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk3 lib)

[Gnome::Gdk3::EventTypes html]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk3/blob/master/doc/EventTypes.html
[Gnome::Gdk3::EventTypes pdf]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk3/blob/master/doc/EventTypes.pdf
[Gnome::Gdk3::Types html]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk3/blob/master/doc/Types.html
[Gnome::Gdk3::Types pdf]: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/MARTIMM/perl6-gnome-gdk3/blob/master/doc/Types.pdf
